c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\CentralEstagios.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\CentralEstagios.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\obj\Debug\CentralEstagios.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\obj\Debug\CentralEstagios.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\obj\Debug\CentralEstagios.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\obj\Debug\CentralEstagios.Resources.resources
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\obj\Debug\CentralEstagios.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\hanna\Downloads\Sitefinalizado\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\obj\Debug\CentralEstagios.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\hanna\Downloads\Sitefinalizado\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\obj\Debug\CentralEstagios.Resources.resources
C:\Users\hanna\Downloads\Sitefinalizado\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\obj\Debug\CentralEstagios.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\hanna\Downloads\Sitefinalizado\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\obj\Debug\CentralEstagios.dll
C:\Users\hanna\Downloads\Sitefinalizado\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\CentralEstagios.dll
C:\Users\hanna\Downloads\Sitefinalizado\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\CentralEstagios.pdb
C:\Users\hanna\Downloads\Sitefinalizado\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\hanna\Downloads\Sitefinalizado\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\hanna\Downloads\Sitefinalizado\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\hanna\Downloads\Sitefinalizado\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\hanna\Downloads\Sitefinalizado\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\hanna\Downloads\Sitefinalizado\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\hanna\Downloads\Sitefinalizado\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\hanna\Downloads\Sitefinalizado\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\hanna\Downloads\Sitefinalizado\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\hanna\Downloads\Sitefinalizado\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\hanna\Downloads\Sitefinalizado\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\hanna\Downloads\Sitefinalizado\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\hanna\Downloads\Sitefinalizado\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\hanna\Downloads\Sitefinalizado\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\hanna\Downloads\Sitefinalizado\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\hanna\Downloads\Sitefinalizado\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\hanna\Downloads\Sitefinalizado\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\hanna\Downloads\Sitefinalizado\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\hanna\Downloads\Sitefinalizado\CentralEstagios\CentralEstagios\obj\Debug\CentralEstagios.pdb
